# Questionnaire
- How much time did it take you?
    It took a little over 4 hours in terms of actual development. There were many features of Go that I had not utilized up to this point that I needed to become familiar with in order to write this program in an efficient way. I did need to spend a significant amount of time learning the proper Go approach to developing webapps and why these approaches were recommended (I thoroughly enjoyed learning this). It is very neat that keeping data in memory and synchronizing access to it is an acceptable pattern in Go because all of the previous languages I have worked with had to make strong statelessness assumptions for their workflow.
- How did you think about testing your code?
     Due to time constraints, I focused heavily on manual testing with curl and a debugger to verify the execution flow and edge cases. I worked through different permutations of possible data and verified that all the validation cases handled correctly. For automated testing, I used an LLM to help scaffold the boilerplate for the unit tests, which allowed me to quickly verify a number of possible data arrangements without spending hours writing setup code.
- How did you verify your solution meets the requirements?
    I verified by carefully reading the requirements again and checking these requirements against my saved Curl requests. There is some vagueness in the requirements, such as the lack of instuctions around error handling and what exactly the /metrics response should look like, that I filled in with what I thought the behavior of the system should be in these scenarios. 
- What tradeoffs did you make and why?
    One of the main tradeoffs that I made for this project was choosing a layered architecture based around DDD for a relatively small application. The downside of this approach is the verbosity and the time it takes to wire everything together, which all together slows down the initial development significantly. However, I made this tradeoff because because the upside is testability and easier development in the future. When possible, I like to invest in my code so that I can make things as easy in future for teammates or myself as possible.
- Shortcuts are encouraged to keep time investment of the assignment minimal. What shortcuts did you take? Anything you specifically want to mention that you wouldn’t normally do?
    I made several shortcuts that I would not want to make in a production app for this project.:
    1. The in-memory database works well for the demo, but the lack of persistent storage makes the app too delicate for real-world use.
    2. App configurations are hardcoded when you would normally want to load them in via EnvVars and/or Secrets Managers
    3. Logging is absent and http responses include detailed error messages. Ideally, the errors should only be logged and only generic responses should be returned in the event of an application error. Returning detailed information could give an attacker more information about the attack surface.
    4. Event pagination may be required in the future depending on the app scaling requirements
- What was tricky and why?
    Coming from a background in web development where the lanuage and web server architecture did not allow for shared state, I was surprised that Go makes it so easy to share data between separate requests. I needed to ensure that this code was actually thread safe because debugging race conditions is normally very difficult and could be even more-so in a web environment. Go, thankfully, makes implementing this thread safety via mutexes simple enough, and it was cool so see the mutex pattern work so well. I had to be careful to use a sync.RWMutex so that multiple concurrent read requests (fetching metrics) wouldn't block each other, while still ensuring that a Lock() was used exclusively for saving new events.